[terra-form-select] Combobox and Search select Accessibility Issues (#3966)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-select/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Changed
>   * Change role from application to combobox in `terra-form-select-combobox`.
>   * Ability to close dropdown and clear text by ESC key in `terra-form-select-combobox`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed
  * Changed role from application to combobox in `terra-form-select-combobox`.
  * Updated keydown handler to clear the text on `ESC` key press in `terra-form-select-combobox`.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated - https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/3966/commits/ba254493cd46d9da320dfc4c84c42c892250c24e
